First Final Project Prompt 
Think back to what you said your career interest was at the beginning of the program. Has that changed? If so, what has your interest changed to? Why did it change? Can you provide any valuable information about the new career you are interested in (i.e. salaries, notable people, job responsibilities, etc) If it hasn’t changed, provide this same information for your original interest and describe what makes you remain interested in that career.


        I believe my career choice back at the start of this program was Data Analyst. I think going through this program  made me change my mind and thought about being a Computer hardware Engineer or something involved in hardware. It changed because I get some joy out of putting a pc together and I think it would be even better if I had knowledge to actually create it or improve upon it. Some challenges I would face would probably be designing and thinking of ways to improve upon the idea but I think it would help build me as a person. I think the pay is really good, especially to live in San Diego.  
















Second Final Project Prompt
"This program was designed to help introduce you to sociotechnical issues and topics as well as how technology influences social justice. What area(s) of technology and social and racial justice are most interesting to you? How would you like to use technology to address these issues? Is there a role or job type that you would like to pursue based on your experience in this program? Please share 5-10 sentences."


        As for what areas of technology I’m more interested in, it is definitely computer hardware. Being able to help my friends with their computers makes me feel as if i'm able to do something for them. As for Social, the most interesting thing to me is helping people in need who are struggling more than others. Homeless people and people who have low income are definitely people we should be able to help. Finding them and giving them the resources and support to help society grow because no one deserves to live a hard life. We should work together and help each other. I think technology can definitely help find these people and give them things that are vital to survive in society. Lastly, for racial justice, I think it's sad to see Ai that was created by humans is biased and we should definitely be more open to what we feed it to not cause people to get angry.  












Third Final Project Prompt 
What technical career skills (hard or soft skills) have you learned in your 8 weeks with HTH and how do you plan to use these skills moving forward to help progress your career?




        Some skills I learned from these 8 weeks would be some language troubleshooting through errors and bugs. Also if I become a computer hardware engineer I’m bound to find errors and failures so having some type of troubleshooting experience to break down the issue would be a lot of help. It’s good to learn that it's okay to fail and that it takes time and hard work to solve problems and issues in daily life. Communication is also important when you are confused and need clarification which is important for careers and in daily life too. Having experience in a computer language can be useful for other computer languages and for building hardware so that way you can understand how it operates.